# Software-Security
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
The customer, Artemis Financial, is a financial consulting firm that creates custom financial plans for its clients' insurance, investment, and retirement needs. Artemis Financial wants to implement and use the most recent and efficient software security as a significant step in its quest to modernize its operations and as a critical component of the success of its custom software. With a public web interface, Artemis Financial is looking to Global Rain for advice on how to take precautions to protect their customer data and financial information. To maintain safe interactions, Artemis Financial is specifically looking to add a file verification step to its web application. A data verification step in the form of a checksum will be required when the web application is utilized to send data. In order to comply with their software security needs, I have been asked to take their present software program and implement secure communication protocols. I'll provide a production-ready integrated application with secure coding standards. I am tasked with examining Artemis Financial’s software to address any security vulnerabilities.

What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
I was able to identify the software's problems and vulnerabilities through functionality and static testing. After identifying the flaws or defects, I took care to update any out-of-date dependencies and suppress any false positives. I also made sure to check all the program's code lines for problems. Organizations must create strong secure coding policies and practices because safe coding is one of the most important phases of the software development lifecycle. It aids in reducing the risks and vulnerabilities connected to the creation of software products. Because it helps safeguard the software from any breaches that could cost the organization money, software security helps provide a safe environment for the business and its users.
 
What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?
I found it useful that the dependency-check supplied information on the vulnerabilities and that the dependency's updated information could also be easily located while working on the vulnerability assessment.

How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?
To approach the need to increase layers of security I used the vulnerability process flow diagram. I highlighted the areas of security that needed to be addressed by refactoring the code. In the future, I will be using static testing, functional testing, the vulnerability assessment process diagram, and the coding best practice and security. 

How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I made sure that every security criteria was followed. To make sure all the flaws and problems were repaired, I used a unit testing strategy and performed various dependency checks. I performed another dependency check after rewriting the code to look for any fresh vulnerabilities and compared it to the last dependency check.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?
When it comes to identifying vulnerabilities, I've found the OWASP dependency check to be incredibly helpful. The NVD website is another source that has details on the vulnerability. Always going over the programs to look for human errors is a coding best practice that I will always find useful and running multiple test to ensure no errors are in the software. 

Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?
It is important for me to demonstrate to a potential employer that I am meticulous in my work. I guarantee that all requirements will be met on time and as efficiently as possible.
